Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
To all you humans... wedding is one of those happy moments, right?
I would also like to celebrate this moment with you guys!
But... you see... as you know I...
I can not get out from this white area
Purely white!
But!
If I'm in a celebration movie, I will be able to join the wedding, right?
So! Today I'm going to make a celebration movie
Eh?
There's no couples?
No!
Regarding that...
Decide that once you fve seen the celebratory comment...
In this occasion, I fll make VR Ojisan and Rinna marry each other, who appeared before in A.I.Channel...
And I fll send a celebratory comment
VR Ojiisan, Rinna...
Congratulations on your marriage!
Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
Thank you for allowing me to convey my congratulations!
From this distant white space...
I pray for you both to be together for a long time...
And I’ll send blessings on your start of a new life
Just as my name indicates, Kizuna Ai
(Kizuna= Bond/Ai = Love)
Because I came here today, you can strengthen your bond much more
That’s right, your encounter was...
Thanks...
To me, right?
It was thanks to A.I.Channel, right?
To VR Ojisan who likes high school students...
And at seeing Rinna’s video...
Exclaimed: "Aaahaaaa!" and fell in love at first sight
Then I acted as mediator between them...
And finally I think that Rinna accepted somewhat reluctantly, but...
Whatever...
I, Kizuna Ai, to celebrate your future together...
...I plan on doing a blessing dance!
Make sure you have a marriage insurance!
♪ G ♪
♪ R ♪
♪ EE ♪
♪ N ♪
♪ Leaves!
♪ G ♪
♪ R ♪
♪ EE ♪
♪ N ♪
♪ Leaves! ♪
Be sure to send the divorce notice as soon as possible!
And what do you think of my video letter?
Man...
By being virtual...
I can appear anywhere as long as it has a projector
I can go wherever!
I'll be waiting your marriage invitations and video message requests!
This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai!
See you later!
Translated by Loriko and Vortex